I am leading our AI innovation team within a data consulting firm (Hakkoda) that does AWS and Snowflake consulting. We have internal teams of finance, engineering, delivery, data analytics, HR, ops, etc. We currently delivery work manually with humans to do the engineering work (ex: migrating a bank or healthcare system off of SQL Server to Snowflake). Another ex: (creating a snowflake native app for a supply chain company so they can migrate their SAP customers into their data architecture and data model). We do a lot of data consulting for clients.

My team has historically built "copilots" to automate a lot of this work. For example....we built a BI copilot that automates the report rationalization and migration off tableau, powerbi, cognos or looker and setup in Sigma computing with Snowflake. It took 6 weeks to complete 4000 reports down to 300 reports while other consulting SI's were pitching 10 months. So the point is that we build automation apps for things engineering consultants have historically done manually. We do this for big database migrations, BI migrations, automated data modeling, etc. We automate our consultants so we can do the work of 50 people with 5 people...for example.

Now fast forward...i want to automate my team automate myself, democratize copilot development so anyone in the org can go to this hub and create their own copilot to use. mainly we have been developing these as streamlit apps but would love for some flexibility for the end result (slack app, aws react app, automated code, agent, etc). this is truly results as a service...eliminating the human need to be a blocker but really enabling clients and engineers to automate their work by giving a super descriptive prompt, questionnaire, questions, answers, details to then build it .... need so much details in order to help our folks build magnificent and useable copilots that directly impact their work, daily tasks, automation of their requests. Ex: our HR lead wants to develop a automation app that hooks into our mavenlink to pull skills data, lever hiring data, rippling payments, and staffing data to give her daily reports on some metrics she is requesting. She wants to get utilization metrics to see how much actual time people are billing at clients then have it  interact with gmail to give a termination letter to an engineer then send the Docusign, and she needs it  to send to rippling to process the termination. Ex: our engineer on a project has 3 months of work for parsing stored procedures to then convert into DBT then fit into a new data model, they want to build something to help them with that. Ex: I want to build an agent that can model data vault in DBT or Matillion or Coalesce....I have this document on how i want it to do data modeling, how i want the inputs and outputs to be, how I want it  to push into.

I image this being a detailed agent based framework. I see this having the main app being the "agent builder". An orchestration layer. then an agent layer that is damn near a repository where it  recognizes that there are other agents built within here. this agent layer is the repository that recognizes that there are other agents built to do certain tasks so it  doesnt need to go build them. Also this layer can talk to other agents to do things within the org and it can combine certain parts of agent to create a new copilot or agent to do that task. Then there is a layer on repositories where it  is containing all the code for each agent and everything. There is a knowledge base or value pools where this agent builder has access to all the confluence employee docs, docebo training, code expertise, process flaws, tech like aws, snowflake, etc. Then another layer where this is able to be do graph, rag, both, claude, open ai, aws, etc.

This is a main hub where all employees and engineers will go to create detailed and intelligent agents and copilots. the hub will know all about the company information, best practices, tech, everything in tech. This hub will be the game changer and totally automate agent development. this thing will eventually augment business processes and have agents talking to other agents and really take over.